add documentation around archiving configuration versions (#2157)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/cloud-docs/run/states.mdx

_States in this stage:_

> - **Pending:** Terraform Cloud hasn't started action on a run yet. Terraform Cloud processes each workspace's runs in the order they were queued, and a run remains pending until every run before it has completed.

Reviewer: Do we need to say something at the beginning of this section about how like VCS automatically discards your file? Kind of like what you have here in the API docs:

"Terraform Cloud automatically archives configuration versions created through VCS when associated runs are complete and then re-fetches the files for subsequent runs."

I just think that might help users understand the new states we added like "fetching"

Author: Oh hmm good call - I was trying to keep it succinct and not over-explain but I might have gone too far in the other direction 😆

Author: How's [this](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-website/pull/2157/commits/fe9977aa7e47e5e11e55d1b2506c61f7f8101ea9#diff-57435ad5015080604531b6d160ba221a0c65fd05bc606fc75932b9a751cc8070R16)?

Reviewer: YESSSS I like that a lot :-)

- **Fetching:** If Terraform Cloud has not yet fetched the configuration from VCS, the run will go into this state until the configuration is available, then return to `pending`.

_Leaving this stage:_

> - If Terraform Cloud encounters an error when fetching the configuration from VCS, the run skips to completion (**Plan Errored** state).

Reviewer: do we want to say "completion" or .... do we want to say something that indicates it is failed. idk if completion makes it sound like the run went through, if that makes sense.

Author: I was shamelessly cribbing from the other states/stages on this page, which use the same "skip to completion" terminology ([plan errored](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-website/blob/radditude/add-config-version-archiving/content/cloud-docs/run/states.mdx?plain=1#L36), [policy check errored](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-website/blob/radditude/add-config-version-archiving/content/cloud-docs/run/states.mdx?plain=1#L77))! So we'll probably want to update all of them if we want to move away from "skip to completion" - maybe something like "will not continue"?

```
- If Terraform Cloud encounters an error when fetching the configuration from VCS, the run will not continue (**Plan Errored** state).
- If the user discards the run before it starts, the run will not continue (**Discarded** state).
```

Or for some other examples from further down the page:

```
- If the `terraform plan` command failed, the run will not continue (**Plan Errored** state).
- If a user canceled the plan by pressing the "Cancel Run" button, the run will not continue (**Canceled** state).

Author: Took a stab at rewording all the "skips to completion" on this page - how's this? [`1e316d1` (#2157)](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-website/pull/2157/commits/1e316d1765487c71bc28dc01c56d0eeaa72f4f77)

Reviewer: I like that a lot better! It's clear now I think that the run STOPS - thanks so much for doing that!

- If the user discards the run before it starts, the run skips to completion (**Discarded** state).

> - Once fetching succeeds, or when it becomes the first run in the queue, the run will proceed automatically to the plan stage (**Planning** state).

Reviewer: is it OR the first run in the queue or do both things need to be true - we need to fetch the files AND we need to be up next in the queue. Just checking :-) 

```suggestion
- When Terraform Cloud has successfully fetched the configuration, or when it becomes the first run in the queue, the run will proceed automatically to the plan stage (**Planning** state).
```

Author: It is indeed both! Good call.

Author: I also realized that I'm deviating from the convention in the rest of this page a bit here (all the other bullets start with "If..."), so I'll do a little rephrasing all around.

_Leaving this stage:_

- If the `terraform plan` command failed, the run does not continue (**Plan Errored** state).
- If a user canceled the plan by pressing the "Cancel Run" button, the run does not continue (**Canceled** state).

> - If the plan succeeded with no changes and neither cost estimation nor Sentinel policy checks will be done, the run does not continue (**Planned** state).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the plan succeeded with no changes and neither cost estimation nor Sentinel policy checks will be done, Terraform completes the plan and the run does not continue (**Planned** state).
```

Author: Hmmm, I think I see what you're getting at here, but saying "If the plan succeeded... Terraform completes the plan" seems a little confusing! Maybe something more like "Terraform Cloud considers the run complete"?

_Leaving this stage:_

- If cost estimation succeeded or errors, the run moves to the next stage.

> - If there are no policy checks or applies, the run does not continue (**Planned (Finished)** state).

Author: Hmm, this review is really turning up all kinds of underloved bits and pieces on this page 😂 "planned" and "planned and finished" are actually different states in the UI and API - "planned and finished" means that the run is over (either because it's a plan-only run, or because the apply won't run because there's no changes), while "planned" by itself means that the plan is over but there's more run to do. It looks like most instances of "planned" on this page are really referring to "planned and finished" - I'll take a pass through and update all those to be clearer.

_Leaving this stage:_

- If any hard-mandatory policies failed, the run does not continue (**Plan Errored** state).
- If any soft-mandatory policies failed, the run pauses in the **Policy Override** state.
  - If a user with permission to manage policy overrides, overrides the failed policy, the run proceeds to the **Policy Checked** state. ([More about permissions.](/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions))
  - If a user with permission to apply runs discards the run, the run does not continue (**Discarded** state). ([More about permissions.](/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions))
- If the run reaches the **Policy Checked** state (no mandatory policies failed, or soft-mandatory policies were overridden):
  - If the plan can be auto-applied, the run proceeds automatically to the apply stage. Plans can be auto-applied if the auto-apply setting is enabled on the workspace and the plan was queued by a new VCS commit or by a user with permission to apply runs. ([More about permissions.](/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions))

>   - If the plan can't be auto-applied, the run pauses in the **Policy Checked** state until a user with permission to apply runs takes action. ([More about permissions.](/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions)) The run proceeds to the apply stage if they approve the apply, or does not continue (**Discarded** state) if they reject the apply.

Author: Hmmm, am I looking at the right thing? The only direct repetition I see is the "More about permissions" link 🤔

>   - If the plan can't be auto-applied, the run pauses in the **Policy Checked** state until a user with permission to apply runs takes action. ([More about permissions.](/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions)) The run proceeds to the apply stage if they approve the apply, or does not continue (**Discarded** state) if they reject the apply.

Reviewer: Maybe I made that up or got confused lol - If you read the rest of the section and it's not repeated, ignore this!
